fix: Update license language in contributing guide (#152)
open-sauced/docs: docs/contributing/introduction-to-contributing.md

## License

> By contributing to the OpenSauced project, you agree that your contributions will be licensed

Reviewer: [Proofreading] It seemed a bit repetitive seeing `license` and `licensed` so I provided another alternative. 
```suggestion
By contributing to the OpenSauced project, you agree that your contributions will be authorized
```

Author: I don't think we can do this as authorized and licensed don't have the same meaning in this context.

Reviewer: Hey @dominicduffin1. I changed my suggestion. Take a look.

Author: I don't think this language works because the license isn't to permit or authorize the contribution but rather the contributor is agreeing to grant a license on their contributions to the repo.

> under the License specified in the repo you are contributing to. This can be found in the `LICENSE` file.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] This part could be a bit shorter. Consider using the following example:
```suggestion
by a specific License. This information can be found in the `LICENSE` file of the repo you are contributing to.
```

Author: That example is good, thank you!

Reviewer: Thanks @dominicduffin1. All you have to do is press the Commit suggestion button.
